# Reflection

Respond to each of the questions below with a carefully thought out 
reflection on the assignment.

## Question 1
### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists.
## Answer 1
### The basic website layout can be used to build a simple research archive for digital historians. Every card can have a historical topic (Example: Florence) and a list of credible online resources available on the topic that digital historians can use to study or research about that element of history. The resources on the card can also include a list of supplementary tools digital humanists can use for further analysis (Example: GIS which can be used to map geographical elements related to Florence). There are two ways to build the archive, depending on the nature of the research: the archive could be about a specific historical topic and the cards feature only historical elements related to the primary topic (Example: Primary topic is Florence - related elements are the Florentine economy, famous members of Florence, etc.) or the archive could just be a broad collection of major historical topics/concepts (Example: Roman Empire, the Mongols, etc.). 

## Question 2
### This assignment asks you all to perform a certain amount of work (describing yourselves) in order to improve a project (the course roster website). What responsibilities does the "researcher" (in this case, your teacher) have to the participants (you)? What rights do or should the participants have to the end product? 
## Answer 2
### The researcher has the responsibility of ensuring that all the information provided by the participants has been collected and used in an ethical manner. Ethical collection of the data in regard to a digital repository of information involves allowing the participants ways to protect what they would deem private data (which the teacher of HIS393 has done using the private fields built into the files) and not providing the data given to any third-party source or website unrelated to the assignment (unless the researcher had specified the sharing of data at the beginning of the assignment and obtained consent from the participants for such an action). The participants should have the right to alter any of the data they provided if circumstances change (as long as the alteration is justified and necessary) although they should have no rights to the data provided by the other participants. They also have a right to be notified of any changes the researcher makes to the end product after the submission of their data, as it involves private information about themselves (Example: If the researcher is going to take down the website, decides to share with others etc.) and have the option to change some information in response to the researcher's actions. 

## Question 3
### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields",that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?
## Answer 3
### For the purposes of building a research archive, the fields need to include the main historical topic, a separate field for each online resource (preferably with links) provided and separate fields for each online tool provided, to avoid potential clutter on the screen and to make the archive more user-friendly. The archive can be further organized by providing fields for any sub topics related to the primary historical concept/topic, with the fields for specific resources and tools under each sub topic field. The main limitation of having to use fields to organize all the online resources is that it is harder to deal with crossover between resources - one resource may be applicable to multiple subtopics, but users will have to discover the relevant information themselves after using the links. The field data structure also limits a more detailed description of the nature of each resource. 
